Implement string value to enum property value translation (#32216)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

There is no good public use case for this exception, and it is not intended to be thrown by users.
It will be replaced by `org.gradle.api.internal.artifacts.transform.VariantTransformConfigurationException` for internal use only in Gradle 9.0.

> [[deprecated_string_value_to_enum_rich_property_assignment]]

Reviewer: This needs a header, maybe

> Groovy String to Enum coercion for Property types is deprecated

Author: Good catch, fixed

> Assigning a string value to an enum rich property e.g. `Property<T extends Enum>` is deprecated and will become an error with Gradle 10.0.
> This behaviour was implemented only as a compatibility feature for Groovy DSL for easier migration of core Gradle APIs to rich properties.

Reviewer: (please check if this is syntactically correct)

```suggestion
Groovy supports link:https://groovy-lang.org/semantics.html#_string_to_enum_coercion[String to enum coercion]. Assigning a string to a property of type `Property<T>` where `T` is an enum is deprecated. This will become an error in Gradle 10.0.

This behavior is only applicable to plugins written in Groovy and the Groovy DSL.
```

Author: Thanks! Applied changes
